Update fhirAPIReleaseNotes.mdx (#954)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/health/fhirAPIReleaseNotes.mdx

### January 27, 2022

> The 'manufacturer.display' field has been updated in the R4 `Immunization` resource. This field is populated based on [CVX to Manufacturer mappings from the CDC Product Name to CVX and MVX code set](https://www2a.cdc.gov/vaccines/iis/iisstandards/vaccines.asp?rpt=tradename).  In cases where a CVX code maps to multiple manufacturers, the exact manufacturer cannot be determined and thus `manufacturer.display` will be omitted from the response.

Reviewer: A few small edits:
1) Updated `manufacturer.display` in its first instance to match the text format of the later one.
2) Added an s to 'Product Name'.
3) Lowercase the first instance of 'manufacturer' in 'multiple manufacturers'.
4) Shortened the length of the hyperlink to 'CDC Product Names to CVX and MVX code set'.
5) Removed the extra space between the period and 'In cases where...'
6) Turned 'cannot' into 'can't'. 
```suggestion
The `manufacturer.display` field has been updated in the R4 `Immunization` resource. This field is populated based on CVX to manufacturer mappings from the [CDC Product Names to CVX and MVX code set](https://www2a.cdc.gov/vaccines/iis/iisstandards/vaccines.asp?rpt=tradename). In cases where a CVX code maps to multiple manufacturers, the exact manufacturer can't be determined and thus `manufacturer.display` will be omitted from the response.
```
